Add prop to scroll to top when selecting a facet (#405)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| `maxItemsCategory`   | `number`                 | Maximum number of category items to be displayed before the See More button is triggered.     | `8`             |
| `initiallyCollapsed` | `Boolean` | Makes the search filters start out collapsed (`true`) or open (`false`). | `false` |
| `filtersTitleHtmlTag` | `string` | HTML tag for the filter's title. | `h5` |

> | `scrollToTop` | `Boolean` | Scrolls the page to the top (`true`) or not (`false`) when selecting a facet. | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `scrollToTop` | `enum` | Scrolls the page to the top (`auto` or `smooth`) or not (`none`) when selecting a facet. | `none` |
```
